As I have discussed with many of you, we are revising the Power Pool Supply
Shortfall Procedures (POP 801) in accordance with Transmission Operating
Policy OP-107.  POP 801 contains several steps from the time all the energy
in the energy market merit order has been dispatched up, to the time when a
firm load directive will be issued by the System Controller to curtail firm
load. In order to gather the information required to develop the procedure,
would you please answer the following questions.  Any action you choose to
take is on a voluntary and best effort basis, without any obligation on your
behalf.

In an effort to reduce the amount of, or possibility of having to issue, a
firm load directive to curtail load, would you please reply whether you will
comply with any of the following requests from the System Controller prior
to the issuing of a firm load directive to curtail load.  Please reply not
applicable (N/A) to the questions that do not apply to you.  If you will
comply to any of these requests, we will include the request(s) in the steps
identified in POP 801.  Also, if you will comply to any of these requests,
please indicate the appropriate party for the System Controller to contact.
If you choose not to comply with any of these requests please reply that you
will not.  This will let us know not to make a request for something that
will not be provided, which otherwise could cause confusion and waste
valuable time during the management of this type of an event.

1. Would you provide available generation energy that was not offered into
the energy market merit order if requested to do so by the System Controller
prior to a firm load directive to curtail load?
